docs(ensnode): update hosted instances list (#1580)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/usage/hosted-ensnode-instances.mdx

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.alpha.ensnode.io"

>   connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.alpha.ensnode.io"

Reviewer: @tk-o Nice work catching this. Thanks!

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia"
  plugins="subgraph"
  purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's backwards compatibility with the ENS Subgraph. Provides 1:1 Subgraph compatible data on Sepolia."
/>

### ENS V2 Deployments

These ENSNode instances focus on future-proofing ENS indexing with ENS V2 support.

#### ENSNode 'v2 Sepolia'

<HostedEnsNodeInstances
  instanceURL="https://api.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  connectWithENSAdminURL="https://admin.ensnode.io/connection?connection=https%3A%2F%2Fapi.v2-sepolia.ensnode.io"
  namespace="sepolia"
  plugins="ensv2, protocol-acceleration"

>   purpose="Demonstration of ENSNode's future-proofing with ENS V2 support."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  purpose="Preview of ENSNode's ENSv2 support on the Sepolia deployment of ENSv2."
```
